Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to show you a drama horror
mystery film called “Eli”.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
11-year-old Eli Miller is travelling with
his parents headed to a secluded medical facility.
Eli suffers from a rare autoimmune disease
rendering him extremely vulnerable to the
outside world.
Unable to breathe the air, Eli spends his
life in a sterile bubble and walks around
wearing an airtight hazmat suit.
His parents, Rose and Paul, seek the help
of Dr. Horn and bring Eli to her private medical
institution, an old mansion that’s been
converted to a sterile facility.
Rose and Paul believe Dr. Horn is their last
hope to help Eli heal from his condition.
Eli arrives at his room and finally gets to
take his hazmat suit off.
Eli and Rose are overjoyed, being able to
hold each other for the first time in years.
At night, Eli hears strange noises and whispers
and has an unusual encounter with a mist window
but gets dismissed the following morning by
the adults when he informs them.
They begin the first stage of the procedure,
heading into an operation room and the nurses
strap Eli to an operating table.
Dr. Horn informs him that she’ll be injecting
a modified virus to reset his immune system.
Eli slowly falls unconscious as Dr. Horn operates.
He gains consciousness and is in terrible
pain.
He asks to be let go but Horn tells him the
pain is a sign the procedure is working.
Eli screams from the pain and his skin blisters.
He writhes in pain trying to free himself
from the bonds before passing out again.
Later in his room, Eli hears sounds coming
from his window again.
He approaches it but instead of the mist,
he sees a girl outside throwing rocks.
The girl gestures Eli to come follow her.
Eli then explores the house looking for a
way to get closer to the girl and finds a
room with huge glass windows.
He finds the girl, Haley, on the other side
of the window and she tells him she’s seen
other kids in the facility before.
Eli tries to impress her with a magic card
trick but Haley shows off a trick of her own
by setting a twig on fire.
Eli invites her inside but she refuses saying
the house feels eerie and that she’s not
welcome inside.
On his way back to his room, Eli sees a sealed
room with lots of furniture covered with cloth.
He shines a flashlight in and sees a ghostly
girl appear.
Eli starts running but as he shines the flashlight,
the ghost gets closer and closer.
Eli trips and sees a shadow closing in on
him behind a curtain.
The curtain opens but it’s Paul who appears.
Later while Eli lays in bed, he feels a sudden
chill and hears whispering.
He looks around and sees a silhouette behind
a curtain but no one is there.
He tries communicating via the mist on the
window and fogs it up with his breath and
writes his name.
Eli is surprised to see the ghost writing
back.
It erases his name and writes LIE instead.
Eli steps back and sees from a mirror a girl
standing by the window writing with her finger
but when he checks, no one is there.
Eli tries to calm himself but a ghost appears
in front of him.
He tries to crawl away but the ghost grabs
him.
He starts shouting but it’s actually Paul
who’s grabbing him, trying to wake him up.
Dr. Horn, Rose, and Paul discuss what’s
happening to Eli.
Horn tells them that this is all a result
of the medication.
The medicine they placed him under is strong
and warns that Eli’s condition could worsen
before he starts healing.
The next day, it’s time for Eli’s second
procedure and the nurses strap him to a table
again.
Dr. Horn injects him with a solution and Eli
immediately starts writhing in pain.
He tells them it’s burning him but Dr. Horn
says it’s supposed to.
As the medicine takes effect, they take a
drill and start drilling into Eli’s skull.
Outside, Horn informs Paul and Rose that Eli
is having an adverse reaction to the procedure.
At dinner, Eli tells his parents he wants
to leave because he feels like his condition
is getting worse and now he even feels more
sick.
Paul gets angry and tells him the procedure
is working and that they should stay.
Eli returns to his bedroom and he hears more
noises.
In his bathroom, he sees a shadow walking
behind the shower curtain and later sees someone
standing behind him in the mirror.
A hand reaches out for Eli and he sprints
for the door but it’s locked.
He calls to his parents, begging to be let
out and sees the ghost slowly walking toward
him.
With nowhere left to go, Eli hides in his
wardrobe closet.
The ghost starts pounding and scratching on
the door and Eli keeps screaming.
The pounding stops and Eli steps out to see
the ghost has etched into his wardrobe the
word LIE over and over.
His parents and Dr. Horn runs in and sees
the mess in Eli’s room.
They confront him and Eli tries to tell them
what’s been happening but they don’t believe
him, citing the side effects as the cause
of Eli’s hallucinations.
Later, Haley shows up again and she tells
Eli that a previous patient, Perry, came before
him and also mentioned seeing ghosts in the
house.
She also tells him that when it came time
for the third procedure, she never saw him
ever again.
Before they could finish talking, Eli hears
strange noises again and goes to investigate.
He checks the hallway when an unseen force
tries to grab him.
Eli starts running but starts getting dragged
away.
From the reflection, he sees three ghosts
dragging him.
They finally dump him at the house’s front
door.
Knowing he’ll start burning and blistering
once he gets into contact with the air outside,
Eli begs the ghosts to stop but the door opens.
Eli tries to hold his breath and the doctors
and his parents come to the rescue.
They try to subdue Eli but he tells them he
knows about Perry.
Rose tries to calm Eli down but an angry Eli
answers back and accidentally slams his hand
through glass, wounding himself.
Eli faints and wakes up back in his room.
Back in his room, Eli sees the scratches the
ghost made is not the word LIE but may actually
be an upside down 317.
Eli meets with Haley again and tells her that
he thinks the ghosts aren’t trying to hurt
him but are actually trying to help him escape
and the 317 they’ve been writing may be
a code to a door somewhere.
Later that night, Eli tries to sneak into
a locked part of the house and successfully
gets in by using the code.
He finds his way into an office and looks
for records of previous patients.
He sees mists on the doors and hears whispers,
guiding him to a file drawer.
He sees files for the other patients and sees
that all of them have died on the third procedure.
Eli runs from the office to his parents trying
to tell them about what happened to the last
patients but only finds his father.
Paul talks to Eli and tries to apologize to
him, but as he hugs him, he injects Eli with
a serum.
The nurses rush in and drag Eli to the operating
room.
Eli breaks free and locks himself in Dr. Horn’s
study.
There, he discovers that Horn is actually
a nun.
He also finds a secret passage that leads
underground.
He finds a room with a circular tomb surrounded
by an altar with a cross and a dagger.
The adults catch up and trap him in the underground
chamber.
Eli demands to be let back in but Horn says
they have to leave him in the basement.
Everyone leaves and Eli passes out.
A few minutes later, Eli wakes up and finds
himself breathing normally.
He calls for his mother and she comes back
down.
In the basement, Rose tries to apologize to
Eli and tells him they’re all just trying
to help and promises to explain everything
once the final procedure is completed.
Eli slumps down pretending to fall unconscious
and Rose runs in to help.
He slips away and runs up past the operating
room and into the room with the huge windows
where he sees Haley waiting for him.
She tells him he has to be brave and that
he mustn't be scared as it’s Horn and the
others who are scared of him.
He tries breaking open the window but Paul
comes in and drags him away.
In the basement, Rose opens the tomb and sees
all the past patients dead and buried.
She finally realizes that none of Horn’s
patients have been healed and all of them
end up dead.
Paul helps the nurse restrain Eli but Rose
shows up with the dagger and holds everyone
at knife-point.
Horn says she can still save him but Rose
is determined to escape with Eli.
Paul overpowers Rose and holds her back as
Horn begins the procedure.
Eli watches Dr. Horn reach not for surgery
equipment, but for a bible and holy water.
Eli is confused but is still trying to get
himself free.
Dr. Horn starts by chanting the Lord’s prayer
and asking St. Michael to help Eli.
She takes holy water and blesses Eli.
She is performing an exorcism.
Eli’s skin burns and sizzles when the holy
water touches him and with his screams, the
lights flicker and sparks fly.
Horn takes the dagger and prepares to stab
Eli in the heart.
She brings down the dagger but it stops millimeters
from his heart.
She tries to fight but it seems Eli is in
control of her hand and he makes Horn stab
herself in the heart.
The nurses panic and try to run for the door
but Eli stops them.
Eli’s restraints burn off and he stands
and makes Horn and the nurses levitate.
He turns to Rose and demands to know what’s
happened to him.
Rose finally confesses the truth and tells
Eli she’s tried to have a son but nothing
happened.
Only when she prayed to the Devil was she
finally granted a baby.
Paul runs up behind Eli dagger in hand, but
Eli turns and makes his Paul’s face implode.
Eli is the son of the Devil.
Eli embraces his newfound powers and identity
and heads outside.
Haley meets him at the door and reveals to
him that she, along with the previous patients,
are half-siblings.
They’re all spawns of the devil.
Haley offers to take Eli to their father and
Rose appears behind them.
Rose offers Eli a coat, telling him it’s
cold outside.
Haley and Eli get into a car and order Rose
to drive them.
A distraught Rose gets in and starts panicking,
but Eli tells her to breathe and calm down.
They share a smile and drive away.